Tomorrow morning, I will be again at the temple of Lord Connone.
Oh really, I miss Lord Connone a lot.
Wonderful, Dr. Pollack.
Everyone mites, please dance slowly tonight for the lot and many days.
Be of good health to all those who are sick.
then there'll be a stormy stormy storm
the rest is like that.
ComOTT
He is completely like that.
O-ri...?
Komomo?
This is one simple thing...
but you must do as Kanawa has told you...
down to your very last word.
There's no way you'll try to stop this.
But he wouldn't.
...by fed up of this feudal stealing.
You need to calm your heart down and work on it.
You must keep giving yourself to force me...
...no matter what you do in that field,
or else you'll see that07 successful.
Work on it.
Your mother's
Thank you for watching!